---
title: Ocupop
heading: How Ocupop rapidly develops exceptional websites for clients
description: >-
  CloudCannon lets Ocupop focus on what they do best - design and development -
  and allows them to choose how much time they spend with clients.
weight: 4
categories:
  - Agency
image: 
  path: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/ocupop-2.png
  alt: Ocupop logo
logo: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/case-study/ocupop.svg
person:
  name: Tom Beck
  position: Creative Director
  image: 
    path: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/ocupop-profile.png
    alt: Tom Beck
date: 2021-03-26T12:37:00.000Z
---
Ocupop is a small creative agency who takes huge pride in their work. They
call themselves "a small super-powered creative agency with zero awards",
which is intentionally inaccurate. In reality, they've got plenty of
accolades to throw around, and have grown a lot in recent years. But they
aren't fixated on rapid growth or growth metrics. Instead, they thrive on
being a small group of designers and developers with extensive experience,
doing extraordinary work.

> We love supporting CloudCannon growth because the platform is so much better for our clients than any other tool.

![Image of mobile phone showing Ocupop's Our Work page](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/ocupop-scene.png)

## Designers for everyone

Ocupop might be a small organization, but they've worked with, and
continue to work with, companies and situations of all size. From
designing pixel-perfect sites for artisanal products to every detail of
big-tech conferences, they have huge range. Oh, and ever seen the HTML 5
icon? That's Ocupop's work. You don't need to be a massive corporation to
leave a big impression.

![Image of laptop showcasing Ocupop's website](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/ocupop-scene-2.png)

## Old problems from old solutions

Having been around and working with the web since the early days, Ocupop
have been through different technologies as the industry evolves.
Naturally, WordPress was part of the equation for a number of their
clients, due to its presence on the market and ease of installing. As a
result, the company needed to have PHP developers on staff to help with
managing these projects.


But the time and effort involved in managing WordPress sites was causing
unnecessary headaches. Content often needed to be managed through separate
admin portals, draining development time and resources, and the security
of sites was always a lingering, potential concern. Ultimately, it just
wasn't the right fit.

## Finding the best tools for the team

In their interactions with clients, Ocupop had also learned another
important fact: the majority didn't actually care about the tech stack
that was being used, as long as they had a working solution. With this in
mind, Ocupop wanted to experiment with other tools and instead make the
choice for clients that would benefit the team.


At the time, static site generators such as Jekyll were just entering the
scene, and Ocupop was interested in testing out a new experience. But for
static sites to be a real solution, they needed to find hosting and
editing options so that both the team and clients could work on projects
effectively, without unnecessary admin and security issues. In their quest
for the right solution for static sites, Ocupop tested a few options, but
found some too restricting for development.

> We are proud that we do good work for good people, with people. Above all we're proud of our professional relationships.

## Full control of design and development flow with CloudCannon

CloudCannon came up as a suggestion in documentation and links to trusted
hosting providers. After trying the platform out, the value was
immediately clear to the team, with easy management, visual editing, and
sharing, which gave clients autonomy and didn't just render them another
account to manage and take note of. Increasingly, this meant that Ocupop
could have full control over their design and development cycle, and they
soon began to put together their own flows and designs to speed up future
work.

Today with CloudCannon, when working on a new project, the Ocupop team can
simply pull from a library of their own custom templates, locally build
the sites, and then iterate on design and development with greater
agility. When they are happy with the result, it's simply a matter of
using CloudCannon to hand off to clients, who can take control of their
own content. With this flow, Ocupop focuses on what they do best - design
and development - and controls how much time they spend with clients.

> CloudCannon really helps us work better. It feels nice to commit clients to the platform, and they feel comfortable with it.

![Image of someone holding a tablet looking at the Ocupop marketing site.](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/ocupop-scene3.png)

## Ocupop and CloudCannonâ€™s partnership

It's all about managing the client's expectations. For managing content
and keeping to their own effective workflow, Ocupop has found their
comfort zone with CloudCannon as their all-in-one platform. Looking to the
future, Ocupop is always interested in new features and options being
implemented, and CloudCannon loves having the agency on board to support.