---
uuid: 05ed6c3a-7746-11ed-a1eb-0242ac120002
title: Usecue
heading: Running a highly efficient digital agency on CloudCannon
weight: 8
description: Usecue finds that CloudCannon gives them greater control over content, and intuitive content editing for clients.
categories:
  - Agency
image: 
  path: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/usecue-card.png
  alt: Usecue logo
logo: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/case-study/usecue-logo.png
person:
  name:  Joost van der Schee
  position: Owner and operator
  image: 
    path: https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/case-study/joost.jpg
    alt: Joost van der Schee
date: 2021-03-26 12:37:00
---
Technical excellence, beautiful design, integrity. All of these are
important for Joost van der Schee, owner and operator of [Usecue
B.V.](https://www.usecue.com/), to deliver amazing web solutions to
clients, who can rest assured that speed and quality are a focus and not
based on false promises.

> Time is really expensive. With WordPress I was spending a lot of time reviewing and managing plugins. Switching to CloudCannon has meant I no longer need to spend as much time managing my clients' sites and can focus on development.

![Image of an iMac showing Usecue website](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/usecue-scene-1.png)

## Increasing demands require greater adaptation

A product design engineer by trade, Joost has, over the years, moved from
mainly frontend development to almost anything web-related - code,
infrastructure, design, and more. Joost relishes the opportunity to learn
new ideas and use new tools, and is always looking for solutions that work
for both him and his clients.

After experimenting with potential solutions and even a custom-made CMS,
WordPress eventually filled the gap due to how easy it is to set up and
manage a single site. But with increasing demand, changes, and management
needs, the cracks in an aging ecosystem slowly made it apparent that it is
less than optimal for his flourishing business's needs.

![Image of a tablet showing a case study in Usecue's website](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/usecue-scene-2.png)

## Legacy issues: security, maintenance, and high costs

Being a freelancer means you have a hard limit to your capacities, but
what you have created - and potentially need to manage - is constantly
growing. With dozens of different WordPress setups for clients, much of
Joost’s work was necessarily being offloaded to hosting environments,
which made management difficult and sometimes led to security issues.

Not wanting to deal with the headaches of constant maintenance, security,
and any potential legal issues, Joost sought out a better management
solution for servers, backups, and dashboards. However, the first solution
he found, although giving peace of mind, came at a much higher price,
making for a hard sell for customers and extra costs to absorb.

## A potential solution, with adoption hurdles

Joost has his finger on the pulse of the latest developments in tech
through blogs, feeds, and YouTube. Through this, he discovered Jekyll and
static sites as a potential way to make websites faster and their
management easier. Being a developer, Joost was immediately convinced, but
Jekyll's lack of a CMS and competing with household names such as
WordPress led to heavy skepticism from colleagues, as well as concerns
around allowing collaboration with less tech-savvy people.

> I'm a developer. With CloudCannon, I do what I do best - develop - and then offload it to whoever wants to use it, without needing to look at it anymore.

![Image of a mobile phone  showing Usecue's blog page](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/usecue-scene-3.png)

## An all-in-one solution for modern static sites

However, during this time, Joost discovered CloudCannon as a way to host
and manage Jekyll sites, all under one roof, rather than through different
login portals. With the ability to view created sites and monitor them -
increasingly less - through a visual editor, management became easier and
sites less fragile due to their architecture.


The transition from WordPress to hosted Jekyll sites was also simple,
without the extra overhead of plugins. Previously, Joost's WordPress sites
had also required various add-ons, such as for custom creating entities.
However, Jekyll's collection system - combined with CloudCannon's tight
integration of Jekyll conventions - made the process much easier.

## A new focus on speed and developer efficiency

An important result of Joost's new workflow with CloudCannon was the
change in focus and greater control over content. Having sites consisting
of only frontend static content made development of extremely fast, secure
sites much simpler for Joost, as well as a fun learning experience. And
with CloudCannon’s easy way to share content for editing with clients,
Joost was able to focus even more on being a developer, and less on being
a site manager.

Now, when working with CloudCannon, Joost can create a site according to
design with simple password authentication to hand to marketers and
clients. And simple and customizable editing options mean that he can add
placeholder text to functional websites, which marketers and clients can
fill out, without him needing to be involved at all.

> I think one thing was the risk of being responsible for all these minor issues, which I wanted to offload, but which cost me a lot of money. And then I found CloudCannon, and it fit the problem.

![Image of a laptop showing a blog article from Usecue's website](https://dam-cdn.cloudcannon.com/marketing/uploads/usecue-scene-4.png)

## Joost and CloudCannon together

While Joost grows his business further, for his marketing sites,
CloudCannon will be there to help him make the process easier, giving him
more time to focus on doing the work he loves.